Add support for optional field/method injection (#10830)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-core: src/main/docs/guide/ioc/injection/constructorInjection.adoc

Constructor injection is when dependencies are injected into the constructor for a type.

Constructor injection is the preferred and recommended injection type because Constructor injection:

* Allows immutable types
* Doesn't require an additional annotation
* Is less likely to result in a `NullPointerException`
* More clearly expresses the dependencies of a particular type in one place.

> The example in the previous section used constructor injection. Note that if you have multiple constructors you can disambiguate which constructor to invoke with the `jakarta.inject.Inject` annotation or the ann:core.annotation.Creator[] annotation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example in the next section uses constructor injection. Note that if you have multiple constructors you can disambiguate which constructor to invoke with the `jakarta.inject.Inject` annotation or the ann:core.annotation.Creator[] annotation:
```
